fix: Repo guide re vault/storybooks (#5212)
dxos/dxos: REPOSITORY_GUIDE.md

| `pnpm nx e2e halo-app` | Runs the playwright tests for `halo-app` |
| `pnpm nx e2e halo-app --inspect` | Runs tests with playwright inspector |

## Storybooks

> All Storybooks can be run with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most stories are available in the storybook run with the following command:
```

There's a few other storybooks we have as well (e.g., examples and e2e)
